Walter
The only thing better than a cow is a human!  Unless you need milk.  Then you really need a cow.
Unless you have an IQ higher than mine, I am not interested in what you think.
We're trying to plug a hole in the universe. What are you doing here?
Elizabeth Bishop
Sometimes the world we have is not the world we want.  But we have our hearts and our imaginations to make the best of it.

Psych
Shawn
Injury-free since June, when Gus broke his finger flipping the injury countdown calendar.  Season 5: We'd Like to Thank the Academy
Well, much like Lady Gaga, I was born this way.  Season 6: True Grits
I can't help being a gorgeous fiend. It's just the card I drew. Season 6: This Episode Sucks
I don't lose things.  I place things in locations which later elude me. Season 4: Shawn Gets the Yips
Hello! I'm Shawn Spencer.  This is my partner Radio Star.  I'm afraid your video will kill him.  Season 5: Dead Bear Walking
Ahoy there! Um, yes, Right. Um, my name is Shawn Spencer.  This is my first mate, Hummingbird Saltalamacchia.  Season 3: Six Feet Under the Season
I can't believe you actually thought that text was from me.  It lacked all nuance, my signature mocking tone, and was utterly devoid of emoticons.  Season 3: Lassie Did a Bad, Bad Thing
Take lots of pictures.  Not of sights.  Don't take picutres of buildings.  Take pictures of moements, because that's waht matters.  Season 5: One, Maybe Two, Ways Out
There are over four....hundred stars in our galaxy, maybe more.  No one knows for sure. Many have said that the universe is even larger than the Indian Ocean, and that is why it is called Infinitum Starioctopusium.  Season 1: From the Earth to the Starbucks
Secondly, I've been having this recurring dream where I'm flying over Auckland on the back of a swan made primarily of cocoa.  His name is Clem. Season 1: From the Earth to the Starbucks
How can you tell that someone's a compulsive liar?  I mean, assuming that their pants aren't on fire. Season 3: True lies
Clouds don't kill people.  People kill people. Season 1: Cloudy... With a Chance of Murder


Gus
What are you doing?  We don't know anything about delivering warthot babies. Season 1 Forget Me Not
I don't know if it's the uniform, but I've never craved doughnuts more in my life.
I will eat you in manageable, bite-sized pieces. Season 5: Extradition II: The Actual Extradition Part
Heard about Pluto?  That's messed up.  Season 1: From the Earth to the Starbucks
Man, I'm nobody's charity case.  I demand to dig my own grave!  Season 7: No Country for Two Old Men
I am nobody's pawn, Shawn.  I'm a Queen.  Season 3: There Might Be Blood


Carlton Lassiter
Partners do not lie to each other, because partners put their lives in each other's hands.
I'd rather shower with a bear. Season 2: Black and Tan: A Crime of Fashion

Karen Vick
It's just that laws keep changing.  It's getting very challenging to keep up with them all.  For example, did you know that it is illegal to give a possum a perm? Season 3: The Greatest Adventure in the History of Basic Cable

Henry Spencer
Shawn, I've been worried about you since you turned three and started eating your own toenails.

Juliet O'Hara
Okay, you guys are actually devolving.  Season 6: This Episode Sucks
